Add info functions. (#21)
tonlabs/DeBot-IS-consortium: Info/README.md

## Description

It's basic functions in debots for getting of info about debot and work with this

## Functions

`getInfo` - return information about debot

returns:

    name: bytes - utf-8 string with name of debot, e.g. "DePool"

    version: bytes - version of debot, e.g. "0.0.1"

>     publisher: bytes - utf-8 string with info about whos deployed debot to blochain, e.g. "TON Labs"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    publisher: bytes - utf-8 string with info about who has deployed debot to blokchain, e.g. "TON Labs"
```

    key: bytes - (10-20 ch.) short description, e.g. "Work with DePools"

>     author: bytes - utf-8 string with name of author of DeBot, e.g. "Nikita Monakhov"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    author: bytes - utf-8 string with name of author of DeBot, e.g. "Ivan Ivanov".
```
